.TH mimic 1 "2016-08-07" "" "Mimic Text To Speech"
.SH NAME
mimic \- a text to speech tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mimic
[\fIoptions\fR] \fItext-file [\fIoutfile.wav]

.B mimic
\fB\-t \fB"Hello there"\fR [\fIwavefile]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Mimic is a command line tool for synthesizing speech from text. If \fIoutfile.wav\fR is omitted mimic will output the utterance using the computer sound card.
.TP
Mimic is based on flite (http://www.cmuflite.org) and strives to extend functionality and add more languages while keeping the application fast and light.
.TP
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t "\fIText\fR"
Create speech from \fIText\fR.
.TP
\fB\-f \fItextfile
Set input file.
.TP
\fB\-o \fIwavefile
Set output file.
.TP
\fB\-lv
List included voices
.TP
\fB\-voice \fIvoice\fR
Set mimic to speak with \fIvoice\fR, this can either be one of the included voices or a .flitevox-file.
.TP
\fB\-v
Verbose mode, print extended output.
.TP
\fB\-l
Loop output endlessly.
.TP
\fB\--help
List usage.
.TP
\fB\-ssml
Read input/file in ssml mode.
.TP
\fB\-pw
Print words to stdout before they are spoken.
.TP
\fB\-ps
Print phoneme segments to stdout before they are spoken.
.TP
\fB\-psdur
Print segments and their end-time to stdout before they are spoken.
.TP
\fB\-pr \fIRelName\fR
Get information for \fIRelName\fR from the utterance and print it to stdout.
.TP
\fB\-p "\fIPhonemes\fR"
Create speech from the phoneme string \fIPhonemes\fR.
.TP
\fB\-seti \fIFeature=Int\fR
Set voice \fIfeature\fR to integer value.
.TP
\fB\-setf \fIFeature=Float\fR
Set voice \fIfeature\fR to float value.
.TP
\fB\-sets \fIFeature=String\fR
Set voice \fIfeature\fR to string value.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-set \fIFeature=Int\fR
Set voice \fIfeature\fR and try to guess the type from the input.
.TP
